and it's you and what are you looking for
there are times that one is not prepared to
certain questions
you're here is a good start
I'm looking for a born
What are you looking for
the reason for our existence because
We are alive
if you really want to answer your
questions
We will have to make a trip
It's very simple
but all this in words can not be
You will see that it is not only your imagination but
that there are other beings external to you that
they can guide you too
relax, this is great
I
in this pile of stones that those
who brought the stone also to
adapt of cells are a few
who really have lived from the rest and
they are asleep
and when you take for the first time since
there is the plant inside you
I feel much more identified with
live the divided in the mountains that in
the cities all enclosed in temples
praying a god that did not even know his face
nor your intentions with me
before knowing about humanity you
you have to be human